over the past 20 years I've helped
support my work as a documentary
filmmaker by shooting the weddings of
total strangers it's like being granted
a front row view as an ordinary couple
experiences the most extraordinary day
of their lives to be sensitive at all
times to each other sandy hits but I
can't help but wonder do they have any
idea what they're getting into where do
you think marriage was gonna be did you
know from the beginning this is the
woman you want to spend the rest of your
life with
can you pinpoint a time when you became
unhappy in the marriage life can be fun
yet life can be very funny I'm gonna
devote the rest of my life to you that's
kind of insane
marriage is not a perfect institution
sometimes when I think he's the biggest
jerk in the world and then he'll do
something funny and I'll laugh and I'll
think to myself oh this is a film about
the mystery of marriage what we enter
marriage thinking it will be and what it
turns out to be
as we join together from this day
forward your lawfully wedded wife even
less love do you promise to love
unconditionally
you